------------------------------------------------------------------------
title: The code
date: 2018-09-26

The last few days I spent cleaning up the Mission Generator's code, and
documenting it thoroughly. One could argue that no-one will look at the
code of an X-Plane plugin, anyway, so why document it?

But I plan that the initial release of the Mission Generator will only
the first step in a long development. Which means that I will work with
this code for a long time. Spending some effort now to help future me,
who will have forgotten half the intricacies of the Mission Generator,
is time well spent.

But beyond that, I hope that other people will look at the code, and try
to improve things. While the Mission Generator is a commercial piece of
software, I give every user express permission to publish improved
versions of a few key files. This might, for example, include more
varied bonus missions, or more mission templates, or re-balanced
versions of the level ups.

I also hope that the Mission Generator will encourage people to develop
their own plugins. As it turns out, writing plugins for X-Plane is not
hard (if you know programming). There are a lot of intricate and
interesting algorithms in the Mission Generator, and all of them are now
well-documented for intrepid readers.

And of course, old habits die hard. I always try to maintain as good a
code quality as I can in [my programming projects](https://github.com/bastibe).

------------------------------------------------------------------------
title: Getting the Mission Generator ready for release
date: 2018-09-22

As far as I can tell, all major bugs in the Mission Generator have now
been fixed. Now, all that remains is to get this website up and
running, and getting the plugin listed on the X-Plane.org Store.

This is very exciting, since I have never done a commercial project
before, and don't know what to expect!
